Added a new entry to the list of current Local Security Checks for the Closed CVEs feature (#1381)
greenbone/gvmd: CHANGELOG.md

- Clarify documentation for --scan-host parameter [#1277](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1277)
- In result iterator access severity directly if possible [#1321](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1321)
- Change SCAP and CERT data to use new severity scoring [#1333](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1333) [#1357](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1357) [#1365](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1365)

> - The internal list of current Local Security Checks for the Auto-FP feature was updated [#1381](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1381)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The internal list of current Local Security Checks for the 'Auto-FP' and 'Closed CVEs' features was updated [#1381](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1381)
```

AFAIK the Auto-FP feature will be gone in 21.04 so not sure if it worth to be mentioned here. In addition this PR probably should rebased against the 21.04 branch.

Reviewer 2: > should rebased against the 21.04 branch.
You mean 20.08 right?

Reviewer: No, 21.04 was / is correct. To the best of my knowledge Notus will first appears in 21.04 so there is no point in updating that list in 20.08 as it won't be used / give any results of that family in 20.08.

Author: I think this was a misunderstanding, because we both thought there was a 21.04 branch here. So the master branch is the correct branch as a target, right? @mattmundell

Reviewer 2: yes, master is the place for 21.04 work.

> - The internal list of current Local Security Checks for the 'Auto-FP' and 'Closed CVEs' features was updated [#1381](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1381)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The internal list of current Local Security Checks for the 'Closed CVEs' features was updated [#1381](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/pull/1381)
```

Since Auto-FP is gone in 21.04 (cf. #1300) this don't need to be mentioned.
